added 30 FAQs (#6528)
harness/developer-hub: kb/continuous-delivery/continuous-delivery-faqs.md

This error occurs in SSH or WinRM connections when some command is still executing and the connection is closed by the host. It needs further debugging by looking into logs and server resource constraints.

#### Can I add barriers in the pipeline?
No, Barriers are only supported in parallel stages and step groups to make them synchronized.

#### What happens if the barrier fails before reaching its barrier point?
If a stage/step group fails before reaching its barrier point, the stage/step group signals the other stages/step groups that have the same barrier, and the other stages/step groups will react as if they failed as well. At that point, each stage/step group will act according to its defined failure strategy on stages and steps.

> #### How to reference multiple values of dropdown in the pipeline?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### How do I reference multiple values of a dropdown in the pipeline?
```

> You can reference using the same output expression and the value will come up as a string, you can use split() to get the separate value from the array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can reference using the same output expression and the value will come up as a string. Then, you can use split() to get each separate value from the array.
```

#### We enabled cloud_pricing_export in GCP. How do we confirm that this data is actually being used in calculations?
To confirm if the cloud_pricing_export data is being used in calculations, you can check the cost data in Harness CCM and compare it with the cost data in your GCP billing reports. If the data matches, then the cloud_pricing_export data is being used in calculations.

#### How do I mask runtime inputs?
Masked input for runtime inputs is currently not supported and it is part of our roadmap in the future.

> #### Backend config not getting picked up in terraform deployment even if it's defined in the terraform plan step?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Why is my backend config not getting picked up in the terraform deployment even if it's defined in the terraform plan step?
```

To acknowledge the backend configs, make sure your terraform code does not have the backend defined as local in the below config set -
```
terraform {
backend “local” {}
}
```
Please change the value to the correct type of backend location.

> #### Does harness support formatting of code from single line to multi-line?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Does Harness support formatting of code from single line to multi-line?
```

> No, the harness does not support code formatting. You will have to format the code manually and add it to the harness. Harness will preserve the format

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No, Harness does not support code formatting. You will have to format the code manually and add it to Harness. Harness will preserve the format
```

> #### Getting the message "Invalid transition to status" on running the Jira update step?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Why am I getting the error "Invalid transition to status" when running the Jira update step?
```

#### How do I troubleshoot the "Invalid transition to status" error for the Jira step?
Review Workflow Configuration: Verify the workflow configuration in Jira to ensure that the transition to the "Waiting Prod Approval" status is allowed. Check if there are any conditions, validators, or permissions configured that might prevent this transition.
Check Issue Permissions: Ensure that the user performing the transition has the necessary permissions to execute the transition. If there are permission schemes applied to the project or issue type, make sure the user has the required permissions to transition issues to the "Waiting Prod Approval" status.
Inspect Transition Screen: If there is a transition screen associated with the transition to the "Waiting Prod Approval" status, review the screen configuration to ensure that all required fields are filled out correctly. Sometimes, missing or invalid field values can prevent the transition.

#### How do I retrieve Template YAML Contents?
We have an API to get template details - https://apidocs.harness.io/tag/Templates#operation/getTemplate
You can use JQ to parse the result and filter out the YAML.

> #### Secret Value Beginning with "*" Returns Error when assigned to a value in K8s manifest?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Why does the secret value beginning with "*" return an error when assigned to a value in K8s manifest?
```

> The error is due to K8s behavior. Anything without quotes and and starts with * is treated as an anchor. To preserve the value as it is, we need to pass it in quotes. regarding the password being unmasked. I will raise it with the team. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The error is due to K8s behavior. Anything without quotes and starts with * is treated as an anchor. To preserve the value as it is, we need to pass it in quotes.
```

#### How do you catch all the output variables instead of declaring them one by one?
We don't have any method to get all the output variables in one go.

> #### Harness expression not resolving on execution, when variable name as hyphen in its name?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Why is my Harness expression not resolving on execution when the variable name has a hyphen?
```

> "Hyphens" are not allowed for variable names. Due to this validation check expression resolution fails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"Hyphens" are not allowed for variable names. Due to this, the expression's validation check fails.
```

#### Why are tags getting merged in a pipeline when delegates are not defined?
Tags merging in a pipeline occurs when delegates are not explicitly defined, causing the system to default to the connector level. Since both delegates originate from the connector level, their tags are combined.

#### How can I resolve the issue of merged tags in a pipeline?
To address the merging of tags in a pipeline:
Add a delegate at the step level specifically for rollout. By defining a delegate at this level, you can ensure that tags are applied as intended, avoiding unwanted merging from the connector level.

> #### How do I preserve some original values of pipeline run such as triggerType even in case of re-running the pipeline?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### How do I preserve some original values of a pipeline run (such as triggerType) even when I rerun the pipeline?
```

> One way, where you store the triggertype value in a project-level variable and check the condition on that variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can store the triggerType value in a project-level variable and check the condition on that variable.
```

> i.e you can create a project-level variable and add a shell script at the beginning of the pipeline to store the value of the trigger type using an API. So whenever the pipeline is run by webhook the value is updated to type webhook and once the pipeline is completely run, you can add another API call to clear out the status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In other words, you can create a project-level variable and add a shell script at the beginning of the pipeline to store the value of the trigger type using an API. Then, whenever the pipeline is run by webhook the value is updated to type webhook and once the pipeline is completely run, you can add another API call to clear out the status.
```

Reviewer: Can someone else take a look at this and figure out a clearer way to state this?

> #### Cannot rename the Project level service in Harness when updated on the Git side?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Why can I not rename the Project level service in Harness when it is updated on the Git side?
```

> By default, Harness Git Experience syncs unidirectionally, from Harness to your Git repos. Since changes were made git side, we were able to fetch the YAML but metadata DB did not get updated. To resolve this please rename the service from UI save the pipeline. it will sync the db as well as git YAML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Harness Git Experience syncs unidirectionally, from Harness to your Git repos. Since changes were made on the git side, we are able to fetch the YAML but the metadata DB does not get updated. To resolve this please rename the service from UI save the pipeline. it will sync the db as well as git YAML.
```

Reviewer: What does, `To resolve this please rename the service from UI save the pipeline.` mean? Are we renaming the pipeline to `save the pipeline` ? Also how does the DB affect the ability to rename the pipeline? I'm unclear what the question is, and what its answer means

Reviewer: This is still confusing to me so I am unresolving the comment.

Reviewer: @brian-f-harness you resolved this comment, does this line make sense to you? what does it mean?

Reviewer 2: @SushrutHarness Here's my suggestion:
By default, Harness Git Experience syncs unidirectionally, from Harness to your Git repos. Since changes were made on the Git side, Harness fetches the YAML, but the metadata DB is not updated. To resolve this, rename the service in the UI and then save the pipeline. This syncs the DB and Git YAML.

> #### Service name not showing in the Select Service when launching the pipeline in case of multiservice?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Why is my service name not showing up in `Select Service` when launching the pipeline with `Deploy multiple services` enabled?
```

Currently, by design if "Deploy multiple services" is enabled, we display the count of services during the run, and if you hover over the services window, it will display the services that are selected.

> #### Custom approval step does not acknowledge the updated value in YAML on retry?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Why does the custom approval step not acknowledge the updated value in YAML on a retry?
```

Retry will re-execute the whole script initially provided during the first run, it won't pick any changes made to the pipeline's script.

> #### Why commit is created with a bot connector and not a user account when a pipeline is saved?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Why is a commit created with a bot connector and not a user account when a pipeline is saved?
```

Harness will use the connector credentials to commit if you don't integrate OAuth with Git Experience.

> #### Why PR is created with a bot connector and not a user account when a pipeline is saved and OAuth integrated with git exp?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Why is a PR created with a bot connector and not a user account when a pipeline is saved and OAuth integrated with git exp?
```

> We support only OAuth for commits, not PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We support OAuth only for commits, not PRs.
```

When selecting a connector for a step or other configuration, switch to the **Account** tab to view account-level connectors.

To view connectors outside of a pipeline, you need to go to the account settings and then view the account connectors from there.

> #### Can I add barriers in the pipeline?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#### Can I add barriers in a pipeline?
```

> No, Barriers are only supported in parallel stages and step groups to make them synchronized.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You cannot add barriers in pipelines. Barriers are only supported in parallel stages and step groups to make them synchronized.
```

#### What happens if the barrier fails before reaching its barrier point?
If a stage/step group fails before reaching its barrier point, the stage/step group signals the other stages/step groups that have the same barrier, and the other stages/step groups will react as if they failed as well. At that point, each stage/step group will act according to its defined failure strategy on stages and steps.

> #### How do I reference multiple values of a dropdown in the pipeline?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#### How do I reference multiple values of a drop-down in the pipeline?
```

You can reference using the same output expression and the value will come up as a string. Then, you can use split() to get each separate value from the array.

#### We enabled cloud_pricing_export in GCP. How do we confirm that this data is actually being used in calculations?

> To confirm if the cloud_pricing_export data is being used in calculations, you can check the cost data in Harness CCM and compare it with the cost data in your GCP billing reports. If the data matches, then the cloud_pricing_export data is being used in calculations.

Reviewer 3: This should be in CCM FAQ section.

#### How do I mask runtime inputs?
Masked input for runtime inputs is currently not supported and it is part of our roadmap in the future.

> #### Why is my backend config not getting picked up in the terraform deployment even if it's defined in the terraform plan step?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#### Why is my backend config not getting picked up in Terraform deployments even if it's defined in the Terraform Plan step?
```

> To acknowledge the backend configs, make sure your terraform code does not have the backend defined as local in the below config set -

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To acknowledge backend configs, make sure your Terraform code does not have the backend defined as local in the below config set -
```

```
terraform {
backend “local” {}
}
```

> Please change the value to the correct type of backend location.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Change the value to the correct type of backend location.
```

#### Does Harness support formatting of code from single line to multi-line?

> No, Harness does not support code formatting. You will have to format the code manually and add it to Harness. Harness will preserve the format

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
No, Harness does not support code formatting. You will have to format the code manually and add it to Harness. Harness will preserve the format.
```

> #### Why am I getting the error "Invalid transition to status" when running the Jira update step?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#### Why am I getting the error, "Invalid transition to status" when running the Jira Update step?
```

The error message "Invalid transition to status:" indicates that the attempted transition of an issue in Jira to the updated status is not allowed based on the current workflow configuration.

#### How do I troubleshoot the "Invalid transition to status" error for the Jira step?
Review Workflow Configuration: Verify the workflow configuration in Jira to ensure that the transition to the "Waiting Prod Approval" status is allowed. Check if there are any conditions, validators, or permissions configured that might prevent this transition.
Check Issue Permissions: Ensure that the user performing the transition has the necessary permissions to execute the transition. If there are permission schemes applied to the project or issue type, make sure the user has the required permissions to transition issues to the "Waiting Prod Approval" status.
Inspect Transition Screen: If there is a transition screen associated with the transition to the "Waiting Prod Approval" status, review the screen configuration to ensure that all required fields are filled out correctly. Sometimes, missing or invalid field values can prevent the transition.

> #### How do I retrieve Template YAML Contents?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#### How do I retrieve Template YAML contents?
```

> We have an API to get template details - https://apidocs.harness.io/tag/Templates#operation/getTemplate

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We have an API to get template details. For more details, go to [API documentation](https://apidocs.harness.io/tag/Templates#operation/getTemplate).
```

You can use JQ to parse the result and filter out the YAML.

> #### Why does the secret value beginning with "*" return an error when assigned to a value in K8s manifest?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#### Why does the secret value beginning with "*" return an error when assigned to a value in the K8s manifest?
```

#### How do you catch all the output variables instead of declaring them one by one?
We don't have any method to get all the output variables in one go.

#### Why is my Harness expression not resolving on execution when the variable name has a hyphen?
"Hyphens" are not allowed for variable names. Due to this, the expression's validation check fails.

#### Why are tags getting merged in a pipeline when delegates are not defined?
Tags merging in a pipeline occurs when delegates are not explicitly defined, causing the system to default to the connector level. Since both delegates originate from the connector level, their tags are combined.

#### How can I resolve the issue of merged tags in a pipeline?
To address the merging of tags in a pipeline:
Add a delegate at the step level specifically for rollout. By defining a delegate at this level, you can ensure that tags are applied as intended, avoiding unwanted merging from the connector level.

#### How do I preserve some original values of a pipeline run (such as triggerType) even when I rerun the pipeline?

> You can store the triggerType value in a project-level variable and check the condition on that variable.
>  
> i.e you can create a project-level variable and add a shell script at the beginning of the pipeline to store the value of the trigger type using an API. So whenever the pipeline is run by webhook the value is updated to type webhook and once the pipeline is completely run, you can add another API call to clear out the status.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can store the triggerType value in a project-level variable and check the condition on that variable. You can create a project-level variable and add a shell script at the beginning of the pipeline to store the value of the trigger type using an API. So whenever the pipeline is run by webhook the value is updated to type webhook and once the pipeline is completely run, you can add another API call to clear out the status.
```

#### Why can I not rename the Project level service in Harness when it is updated on the Git side?

> By default, Harness Git Experience syncs unidirectionally, from Harness to your Git repos. Since changes were made on the git side, we are able to fetch the YAML but the metadata DB does not get updated. To resolve this please rename the service from UI save the pipeline. it will sync the db as well as git YAML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Harness Git Experience syncs unidirectionally, from Harness to your Git repos. Since changes were made on the Git side, Harness fetches the YAML, but the metadata DB is not updated. To resolve this, rename the service in the UI and then save the pipeline. This syncs the DB and Git YAML.
```

#### Why is my service name not showing up in `Select Service` when launching the pipeline with `Deploy multiple services` enabled?

> Currently, by design if "Deploy multiple services" is enabled, we display the count of services during the run, and if you hover over the services window, it will display the services that are selected.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Currently, by design, if "Deploy multiple services" is enabled, we display the count of services during the run. If you hover over the services window, it will display the services that are selected.
```

#### Why does the custom approval step not acknowledge the updated value in YAML on a retry?
Retry will re-execute the whole script initially provided during the first run, it won't pick any changes made to the pipeline's script.

#### Why is a commit created with a bot connector and not a user account when a pipeline is saved?
Harness will use the connector credentials to commit if you don't integrate OAuth with Git Experience.

> #### Why is a PR created with a bot connector and not a user account when a pipeline is saved and OAuth integrated with git exp?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#### Why is a PR created with a bot connector and not a user account when a pipeline is saved and OAuth integrated with Git Experience?
```
